docs: distinguish between Charmhub-hosted libs and Python packages (#2473)
canonical/charmcraft: docs/howto/manage-libraries.rst

Manage libraries
================

This guide covers the key steps for managing Charmhub-hosted libraries.

It's essential to start with a base of understanding of charm libraries from the Charmlibs documentation.
- :external+charmlibs:ref:`Charm libraries <charm-libs>` explains the different kinds of charm libraries and how they are distributed.
- :external+charmlibs:ref:`How to manage charm libraries <how-to-manage-charm-libraries>` covers the usage of Python package charm libraries.

> - :external+charmlibs:ref:`General libraries listing <general-libs-listing>` and :external+charmlibs:ref:`Interface libraries listing <interface-libs-listing>` list available libraries and which are recommended for use today.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's essential to start with a base of understanding of charm libraries from the Charmlibs documentation.

- :external+charmlibs:ref:`Charm libraries <charm-libs>` explains the different kinds of charm libraries and how they are distributed.
- :external+charmlibs:ref:`How to manage charm libraries <how-to-manage-charm-libraries>` covers the usage of Python package charm libraries.
- :external+charmlibs:ref:`General libraries listing <general-libs-listing>` and :external+charmlibs:ref:`Interface libraries listing <interface-libs-listing>` list available libraries and which are recommended.
```

- The blank line is helpful for source readability.
- We generally want to avoid talking about the currency of a doc unless discussing a known issue.

Author: Ah I only meant to remove the trailing space on that line, not remove the entire blank line, thanks for catching that.

Manage libraries
================

This guide covers the key steps for managing Charmhub-hosted libraries.

    Read more:

    - :external+charmlibs:ref:`Charmlibs | The different kinds of charm libraries <charm-libs>`
    - :external+charmlibs:ref:`Charmlibs | Manage Python package libraries <how-to-manage-libraries>`
    - :external+charmlibs:ref:`Charmlibs | General libraries listing <general-libs-listing>`

>     - :external+charmlibs:ref:`Charmlibs | Interface libraries listing <interface-libs-listing>`

Reviewer: Understood. How about, then, we embed it more into the document, rather than make it stand out, and walk the reader through the links? Something like this:

```rst
It's essential to start with a base of understanding of charm libraries from the Charmlibs documentation.

- :external+charmlibs:ref:`Charm libraries <>` explains what a charm library is, its purposes, and its different distributions.
- :external+charmlibs:ref:`How to manage charm libraries <how-to-manage-charm-libraries>` covers usage of the ``charmlibs`` packages.
- :external+charmlibs:ref:`General libraries listing <general-libs-listing>` and :external+charmlibs:ref:`Interface libraries listing <interface-libs-listing>` are references for the available libraries.
```
